it has been fixed isn't it beautiful it
actually looks kind of
beautiful it looks
beautiful no weirdness on the edges I
love it oh my God it's so pretty I can
really appreciate this map now in all of
its glory god it's
wonderful so
no idea what deos is on about here we've
got inura playing as the Warlock we've
got deos playing as the Tech Marine deos
is doing his triple Scout thing he loves
this he loves going triple Scout with a
Tech
Marine oh the F ofv Tech
right yes yes I
see nice Destructor to lead there I
don't know why the scouts are blobbing
but if there's no followup and the
scouts just spend some time capping
they'll naturally heal off the damage so
it's not too big of a deal yeah and he
just taking a defensive position there
with the Warlock do we have banshees we
do have banshees here so that's going to
be a bit awkward we're going to get
trolled by the scouts who can obviously
just take the Garrison if the Banshees
approach but deos not looking
okay going to grab the Garrison over
there looks like the Tech Marine caught
the Guardians and they have to retreat
pretty much instantly to avoid losing a
model warlock's going to take over at
least he doesn't bleed requisition when
he gets shot up
fast ranges finura that's an interesting
one was that a miss or was that Fleet of
foot still active I think that was a
Miss it's kind of
weird caught out one of the scouts I'm
not sure what they were doing outside of
the Garrison probably fearing grenade
possibly coming over don't
know this is a nice positioning here for
the
Warlock but he's going to retreat no
models of course you're fighting space
Marines you can't possibly kill models
when you're fighting Space Marines it's
just how it
goes wonder why he's going for fast long
rifles fast long rifles against Scouts I
don't feel like that's very good I
really don't you
know big against the Tech Marine who's
camping cover I suppose but you can kind
of just run the ballock in and deal with
him that
way so I don't know about that
last Banshee dying to Scouts here that's
a bit odd quite unlucky I guess they
were all shooting the same model suppose
it was the closest and now two Scouts
versus one Guardian is a bad fight for
the
guardian Rangers hunting The Tech Marine
it would appear and yeah ASM this is the
typical build that deos likes he'll
likely keep I think one of these as
default and then the other two go for
shotguns and uh Sergeant the SP don't
know if he likes the mass grafted Bolter
these days or not wow inur is going for
double Rangers wow
interesting that's a bit awkward though
when you've got the ASM
coming and honestly when the scouts get
their Sergeant they're really not that
vulnerable to long
rifles the
enem ASM coming out no model losses
still for the Space Marines here
trying to snipe down the techie not
going to manage it of course ASM get
that double jump second jump is ready 55
energy for that jump can't see the
Rangers well now they do can they get a
model should get this one yeah oh they
got that guy all right there you go
first Space Marine Fallen Happy
Days burn
your first shotgun sge Scout is on Route
triple
for both players no
W imilate coming
up so that will make him pretty good in
range stance against the scouts which
logical probably the biggest threat make
him do okay damage in melee against the
ASM they certainly will not want to solo
him in melee and likewise you know he
can run in and melee the tech Marain but
if you go Champions robe then you'd be a
lot more tanky to the tech marine or the
shotguns and also be unable to be
knocked over by the shotguns which is
quite nice personally I like to go for a
lot of a lot of Guardians if I'm playing
against this
build literally like triple Guardians
and banshees I think is really good
against this build of deos and then you
can go merciless which blade Champions
rope which can tank The Tech Marine very
effectively and also counter initiate
the ASM and you scale really well then
if you go for a falcon because triple
Guardians can actually repair obviously
a pretty absurd rate 30 HP per second
which will outre a last
Cannon near enough I mean it doesn't
literally I don't think but uh it's it's
very close so as long as you're shooting
at the last Cannon you will win that
trade quite easily nice Destructor there
nice imilate too yeah Scouts trying to
run in and close the distance but not
going to work out for them there they've
got a flea which is nice for
themos is how's he going to take this
engagement this is a pretty dangerous
combo for him to fight I don't think he
can win this
fight ulator for all its value it has at
ranged it's
not it's not great in melee compared to
the Champions Rob merciless switch blade
combo nice special so lucky to proc that
straight away now all the Banshees are
surrounding this dude poor guy he's
going to be so close to death oh nice
explosive shot though from the scouts
there knocking over B both the Warlock
and the
Banshees ah a little late on the grenade
unfortunately could have been a lot of
dead Scouts could have been two dead
Scouts and Rangers can't quite pick up
that model wherever he was that one that
got weakened out there he goes it's
probably
him look at the Tech Marine man this is
why the Tech Marine is so good against
Eldar he can kill the model so
fast Rangers going down here when ble to
do too much just got fced off yeah
you're better off just having Guardians
they're better in the the the standup
fight against the scouts and it's not
like the Rangers are good against the
ASM either as suppose as I say the main
advantage is that they counted the Tech
Marine but I don't think he's that bad
especially if you go Champions Ro
warlock
instead drop the start field regularly
on your
VES this is as I say of course the
advantage of ulator that you can put a
lot more pressure onto the the shotgun
Scouts Glory then if you go witch blade
these Scouts got to be careful they're
going to lose a model they Retreat
they're all
right they might lose another model I
think it probably would have been worth
still shooting them in Retreat to be
honest there's a
chance snag in another model but I think
he just wants to rapidly relocate to
this side knowing that the Tech Marine
will inevitably be coming out and
causing some trouble can he get a scout
model should get one right no wow
and then the howling Banshee gets slain
by the mass crafted Balter pew
pew the ASM back I mean this is a Tech
Marine without
any armor to give him HP regen can you
imagine how much of a pain he is with
the HP regen armor I I don't find these
effective and they're so much more
expensive with their long rifles than
just getting a guardian Squad
yeah I don't know not sure guys like
that wouldn't have done anything with
guardians but then again obviously the
tank Marine would stand and fight with
guardians unless you have behind energy
Shields but Guardian scales so amazingly
with the Warlock in tier two Rangers of
zero
scaling the ASM going to jump the
Guardians yep so they Fleet out of the
way to dodge failed though a little bit
slow but yeah the ASM don't want to
commit there's a risk of bleeding mods
to the she and then the Guardians run to
the side before you Retreat and then hit
you with a retreat grenade and it's just
pretty Grim it's a fight you're not
going to win so what's the point just
get out of there straight away and
you'll see that quite a lot in this
match Whenever there are fights where
it's clear that you're not going to win
you just Retreat straight away to me to
get bleed that was a good instance of
Rangers getting the opportunity to
afflict a lot of damage there on the
Tech Marine I suppose that's why he's
got them
still level one on the Warlock still
level one on the Tech Marine down yeah
not a lot of models dying all around
there have been a few banshees getting
killed they'll be a lot harder to kill
now they got the Exar remember if you
use Fleet of foot with the Banshee xar
present you get 50% damage resistance to
ranged damage for the
duration pew pew pew pew pew but they've
got to get out of there trying to
infiltrate it's not working cuz the
Scout sge can detect them that's one
dead Ranger
oh and here is the everpresent Razer
back they're a pain
man any's economy looking pretty good to
get warp spiders I mean [__] he can go
tier three right now inur always likes
to go fire dragons I've noticed I don't
rate them that was very fortunate timing
there on the retreat holy [__] the ASM
was like what was that like half a
second maybe off of hitting the special
on the Warlock and if he knocked him
over there that probably probably would
have been a dead
warlock only just managed to retreat in
time yeah I mean tier three from any
here is a [__] Wild play I suppose
the lack of tax means oh he cancelled it
and went for an
AAC he goes for the wipe with a kinetic
pulse into the AAC bomb doesn't quite
get it probably not the best aack bombb
but I guess he wanted the A out anyway
so
whatever oh [__] he's going for the
fusion
gun that is crazy you never see this
thing lucky we're trying to bait the the
Razer back in there using the hollow
field to infiltrate the
AAC I'm actually quite surprised to not
see any durability armor here on the
Tech
Marine does surprise
me yeah straight up firefight between
the autac and the Razer back probably
not going to go too well
I
huh Fusion gun doing all right though
against the ASM oh he snags The Tech
Marine deos not paying attention much
like myself
there it won't take long in the open to
kill him with the imeta and
duel
Rangers now in is going to go tier three
deos is going to go for a
dreadn he does like his assault can
versus the elar it can be very effective
against the Infantry but if any just
goes for a fire prism then I don't
really know what deos is going to do
here
because he's got no missile
tax which you know could sort of charge
the fire prism with a Razer back and
could do
something obviously he's got the melter
bomb into a melter gun but you know fire
prism it's even longer range than tank
in theory that shouldn't be very
effective if it's used properly by inur
or anyway
wall just going to take the Garrison
here so the Razorback can't actually
deal with it then he can just come out
and start capping again it's good Play
Stall against the Razer back yeah you've
got a couple of Scouts coming over with
grenades but honestly if they use the
grenades against the Wallock here I
don't think that would be a terrible
thing kind of waste them okay this is a
bad fight they got to get out of there a
little bit late there on the retreat
with the Banshees could be is that a
grenade and retreat no it's the wrong
Squad us it's the other Squad that's got
the grenade so yeah here is the dreadnut
let's see what he's doing he's just
going to keep it default he does have
the wrist Mount flamer so he could use
that for a cheeky little
bash but it's so risky he must know that
inura has a lot of resources here he
only buying an autar with a fusion gun
like come on and also Rangers don't have
a lot of Pop cost so you know a lot of
requisition for inura that is I suppose
one of the other advantages of the
Rangers quite low pop cost compared to
going triple Guardians
inur massively ahead on VPS 2o and I
guess that justifies the fact that he's
gone tier three it's definitely IR
relevant Factor there's no doubt about
it Tech Marine F off once again picks up
his refractor
Shield yeah I'm not sure about the S
attack it's not really done
anything I know he's only got it to
stall sort of thing
but I mean it's literally not done
anything I don't
know I guess it it's something that deos
sort of does have to react to and
respect I don't know what the scouts are
doing here they're sort of doing a
little jig why aren't they shooting
they'd kill the gens a lot quicker if
the scouts contributed at close range
with the shotguns thank
you here is the fire prism
and yeah damos not got any longrange DAV
obviously he's going to have to pick up
the Mel gun on the Tech Marine but yeah
he spent a lot in here to this is this
is a lot this is a
lot start field on the Banshees perhaps
no AV on the field yet obviously multi
Mel's coming quite an obvious play WoW
banshe is massively overextending
here do they get out alive they do oh
[__] hell no they don't they just got
gibbed by the multim
yikes yikes yikes yikes blessings of the
omnis here and a lot of heals coming out
the scouts it's one of the other
advantages are going for this triple
Scout build as the Tech Marine you can
get some pretty Bonkers heals in tier
two on your
vehicles but range is a problem now in
this instance if ASM was still on the
field they'd be able to jump in get the
melter and then the dreadnut would
easily kill the prism but obviously the
ASM have been fced off here which you
know inur is well aware of so the prison
just keeps
going chunking off HP off these
vehicles and it looks like again the
Rangers managed to take out the Tech
Marine yeah I mean if the Rangers just
walk straight up to the Tech Marine they
are going to bleed models and it's going
to be miserable but if the Tech Marine
doesn't realize he's getting shot by
them because the range of
the the ranges is higher than the Tech
Marine and then yeah the Tech Marine
will die quite quick and this is
obviously what's happening here every
time there's a big fight on one part of
the map the Rangers are popping out and
assassinating The Tech Marine which is
cool to see cool to see still a gigantic
VP lead right now for
inura strategic location spotted
yeah I don't know this is difficult for
deos he's running out of map control and
he's already sort of on the back foot
trying to avade the
prism nice grenade but just mitigated by
the damage resistance that they get when
they have the
Warlock oh [__] tirey Rangers now they
inflict the the Dr debuff
yeah that's really powerful wow wait
so is that a separate
upgrade I'm not sure our caml it looks
like only one of them was inflicting it
c yeah so there's I don't know if it's
an upgrade or if it's a passive thing
but when they shoot things with the long
rifles in tier three it debuffs the Dr
of the target I think it's
only um
I think it's only infantry not
vehicles but that means the effective
DPS of both them and more importantly
all the Allied all that infantry goes up
tremendously and there is the Gambit to
try and take out the prism but
unfortunately there is no melter gun
here on the Tech Marine so it's not
going to work well it might still work
here comes the
dreadn okay we're going to oh why is he
driving forward can't drive forward wow
how long is this melter snare man feels
like it's going on for
forever jeez but we have singing spear
SE councel out right now obviously fire
prison gets taken out there I mean it's
the power of the ASM melt bomb man it's
[__] undodgeable there's no
counterplay but yeah these sear are just
going to tear the dread not to Pieces it
grabbing the multim melter means that
they have no it has no melee resist I
don't think there's any red for no I
think there should be red for Swift
movement I don't know how much red it
even is for Swift movement is it 175 or
or50 and that's basically
GG you can't deal with that look at the
damage when the
leap oh my
goodness wow that was just the AAC buff
damn that's scary yes see council with
aack buff
man they are spooky
boys and then you can get Fu's Wing yeah
that might have been Fu's Wing thought I
just clicked the Wallock and I didn't
see it
though maybe it just came in
afterwards love range Buffs yeah I don't
think
um yeah I don't think I don't think the
uh the Rangers did
anything damos definitely [__] up and
lost his Tech Marine multiple times to
the to the
Rangers which was paor paor play
but the
rangers they were weak in the early game
they didn't do much at all for the cost
I think Guardians would have been a lot
more effective the problem with amos's
build is that you have no attack flamer
so it's kind of hard to capitalize and
honestly this map is a really hard map
to bash on I feel like the Gen Farms are
super safe on this map it's really tough
to get a bash in generally you only get
a bash in Via a ninja bash as opposed to
like a big army versus army fight type
timing push bash and obviously deos has
no ninjab bash unit in this composition
cuz he's got an attack flamer so tricky
um and then he
went
and yeah he just fell behind in tier two
massively didn't
he and he only got an A attack and then
skip TI two and in spite of that deos
having Razer back and dreadnut again
still couldn't bash
so not sure that's a ranger thing just
saying anyway there you go thanks for
tuning in folks glad to see some space
marine action and I love to see these
weird builds with high level players
that's going to be all from your Boyd
this time I signing out
[Music]